All right.
So we are on integer to string of fix with this quite a long one.
Our objective here is we're going to take in a number and and a width and we want to modify that number
by either making it the size of the width which could be smaller which means we're going to chop values
or so in one two three four with with two we're going to return thirty four when the width is the same.
We're going to return just the number.
And then when the width is greater We're going to append or prepend excuse me prepend values of zero
to the front of it.
The way that I solve this was with concat substring and two string.
And I believe we could do a pad start as well but that wasn't working when I originally did this.
I believe Pat's heart came out in an essay but we'll see if we if it works in Koka And worry factor
later on in this video.
All right.
So there's three cases we need to handle We need to handle when a number is shorter.
We need to handle and numbers longer and we need to handle a in it when the number matches the width.
So with that being said what I'm going to do here is I'm going to create quite early so waking up or
I'm going to create what I just called string of fighting.
And this is going to be equal to the number that gets passed in that two string.
And at the end here we're going to go and just returned string of fives.
No actually.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to create a way of checking if it's longer than the with or
less than the width.
That's pretty straightforward.
We can do this contest.
I just call this number number with is equal to string a five dot length.
And now what we're going to do is we're going to handle the instance in which number with is greater
than with you less than.
If number with
is less than with.
We need to do so stuff and this is part of the when you're solving these algorithm problems those people
get very overwhelmed very quickly.
One thing I want to just say I think this is a good example of it is start breaking problems down into
each sort of edge case scenario where like here we have three things that we need to solve instead of
thinking how to solve all three.
They could have solved one at a time and it becomes a much simpler problem.
All right.
So what we're going to do in number with is less than our with is we want to pass some values from a
good pads some values to the start to a string.
And so we're going to go ahead and create a constant here.
I just call this with diff because we need to know how many values to pass.
And that's just going to be with Minus the number which we have now that we have that we're going to
create this what I called pad start because I could use PAD start and where I said that to an empty
string.
This will be what we eventually can cast onto.
Concat some zeros and then we're thinking cat or string if I know I'm on to pad start.
So we're going to just create a little for loop here.
He goes 0 0 is less than with diff.
Right.
So we know how many times 100 iterations I plus plus now that we have that we can just save PAD's start
equals pads our dog and cat 1 and cat zero.
And there really needs to be a string.
So I think that now that we have that already in here all we got to do is return pad start dot concat
And what are we going coming the string of five.
Number two that's how we're going to handle the instance in which is too large.
And the other way that we can handle it is for the less then we're just going to win if you're say if
number with is less than current with or less than the passed in with parameter Either way we want to
do is we can still go ahead and create this conference with if and we're going to do some refactoring
here.
And I said this week that with the minus number with an all we're going to do here is return String
if I got substring because I will slice off some values and what we want where we want to start is we
all start with the with diff value.
And we want to go to the end of the string and find some length.
So this is going to start essentially start from the end of the string up until the width.
All right we're going to ignore it this isn't a zero and it's a one we're ignoring that first character
right.
So substring works.
And now we have a working solution and we're done.
But we can do some refactoring.
Relatively easy.
And so let's start with that.
One thing I see that we have duplicate logic here there's no reason that we can go ahead and bring this
here and get rid of it here.
Everything still works very nice.
And I always think that we can do is let's see if we can get pads start to work.
So I believe instead of doing what we did here we go and call this out is let's just return
return String if of pad start.
Am I going crazy about Pat's story.
I might I might have made a mistake with the name of it when I was here.
And so it was
yeah unfortunately it doesn't look like it's in the quote yet but so we won't be able to do that but
basically a pad start does just so that we know is it can cats values to the front of the string depending
depending on how many numbers you want to be passed in.
So we pass in like oh this would be the length of our string right.
This would be number with and then we have to came out in like EASA.
Those are relatively new and looks like we won't be able to do it here either.
But we asked would that be one or the factoring if they allowed us to do it we could.
And I'll put a little comment here because I think it's important we'll come in here.
But yeah that's pretty much it.